This month I'd like to talk about presenting your gifts to God.
We certainly have every reason to consider this topic.
Well, why is that?
It's because Jehovah gives us so much.
James 1, verse 17 says, every good gift and every perfect present is from above, coming
down from the Father of the celestial lights.
For example, Jehovah allows us to enjoy the gift of life even though our first parents
tried to take that from us.
He's provided us with a variety of foods.
The environment is just right to support life.
He's given us His precious Word, the Bible, so that we can come to know Him and His purposes.
And the greatest perfect present Jehovah has given us is the ransom.
Jehovah sacrificed a great deal to arrange for Jesus to buy back for us the hope of everlasting
life.
This was at no obligation on Jehovah's part.
It was totally a gift of love.
Please read with me 1 John 4.9.
My this, the love of God, was revealed in our case that God sent His only begotten Son
into the world so that we might gain life through Him.
What a gift of love from Jehovah, our God.
What does that move us to do?
Maybe you've had the experience of a close friend or family member unexpectedly giving
you a valuable gift immediately.
What are you thinking?
You're probably trying to think of what you can give in return.
How much more so would we want to present our gifts to God so as to show our sincere appreciation
for all He's done?
Let's consider some possible gifts that Jehovah would be pleased to receive from us.
Many of you in our viewing audience have been moved to give your life to Jehovah, dedicating
yourself to do His will.
That's commendable.
That's what Romans 12 urges us to do.
However, there are some of you, listening, who've thought about this way of giving back
to Jehovah, but you haven't yet taken this vital step.
Notice the appeal the Apostle Paul makes at Romans 121.
Therefore, I appeal to you by the compassion of God-brothers to present your bodies as
a living sacrifice, wholly unacceptable to God, a sacred service with your power of reason.
Your life is precious.
Presenting your body your whole soul to God is one of the best gifts you can give to
Him.
This involves our sacred service to Jehovah.
That's for sure.
But what about the daily activities of life?
Some of you do housework on a daily basis.
Others of you have school to attend and homework to do.
Many of you perform secular work.
They're shopping to do.
Others enjoy using a small percentage of their time to engage in some type of recreation
or entertainment.
Once you're dedicated and baptized, this is all part of your gift to Jehovah.
Please consider with me Colossians 323 and 24.
After discussing a whole list of daily activities of life, what does Jehovah tell us?
Colossians 323 and 24.
Whatever you're doing, work at a whole soul as for Jehovah and not for men.
For you know that it is from Jehovah, you will receive the inheritance as a reward.
It's true that a Christian's day-to-day activities are not part of his sacred service.
However, the fact that Paul urges us to work whole soul as to Jehovah makes us think
of our entire course of life.
Yes, our life course can become a gift, present it to God.
For example, do we act and dress with proper decorum at all times?
Most notably, we don't wear a suit and tie or dress for every activity of life.
But in whatever you're doing, is your behavior and dress a gift to Jehovah?
If while engaging in any activity, we'd be embarrassed to identify ourselves as one of Jehovah's
witnesses, then can we really claim to be presenting a gift to Jehovah in our daily life?
What other gifts are in our possession that we can present to God?
What about God's morality?
Keeping your dedicated body clean morally is a gift to Jehovah.
Did you notice what Romans 121 said?
It said that the bodies we present to Jehovah should be holy and acceptable to God.
If we give into temptation unrepentantly, that could be likened to asking Jehovah to give
our gift back.
We're taking back our dedicated life from Him, which yet is tantamount to taking the gift
away from Jehovah and giving that precious gift to Satan.
That does not make sense.
Keep clean morally.
This precious gift presented to God is true.
When we're dedicated and baptized, there are other gifts that we'd be expected to present
to Jehovah on a regular basis.
One of the most obvious ways, as mentioned here at Hebrews 1023, did you already guess what
this gift to Jehovah would be?
Hebrews 1023.
Let us whole firmly the public declaration of our hope without wavering.
For the one who promised is faithful.
The public declaration of our hope is a gift to those we speak to, but it's also considered
a gift extended to Jehovah.
In fact, Hebrews 1315 calls our preaching work a sacrifice of praise, that is the fruit
of our lips that make public declaration to His name.
Israelites used to regularly offer the best of their animals or grain as sacrificial gifts
to Jehovah.
Sharing in the ministry formally or informally is a gift to God.
Regularly attending our Christian meetings and participating in them is part of our worship
and pleases Jehovah.
You're familiar with Hebrews 1024 and 25.
His speaks of our custom of meeting together, and for what purpose do we meet?
If I was there in your home with you, how would you answer?
You might quickly say, I go to the meetings to be built up and to be encouraged spiritually.
Well, no doubt you do.
But that Hebrews 1024 and 25, the purpose of attending is expressed in a totally different
way.
Instead of going with a soul intent of being encouraged, verse 24 says, we're to consider
one another, so as to incite others to love and find works.
Verse 25 says, we're to be encouraging one another.
We should attend our meetings with the goal of being a gift to others.
Encouraging others is the goal.
We do this by our sincere interest in others before and after the meeting.
Do you come to the kingdom hall early to encourage others?
When in the traveling work years ago, my wife and I drove into the parking lot and got
out of our car.
Two brothers approached us and warmly said, brother and sister heard, we were waiting for
you.
We're so happy to have you with our congregation this week.
Were they elders?
Ministerial servants?
Or pioneered?
No.
They were two little pre-teenage boys.
That boost gave us a fine start for a special week of activity.
We also encourage others by participating in the meetings.
What an encouragement to the whole congregation.
Of course, if we all go to the meetings with that goal and motive, what will be the result
to us individually?
We all will come away, build up and encourage spiritually.
But we must never forget that being at our Christian meetings and participating, including
singing, the songs and saying amen to the prayers, is actually worshiping Jehovah.
You're presenting a gift to him at every meeting you attend.
From ancient times until now, Jehovah's faithful servants have contributed materially to the
support of true worship.
That's presenting a gift to God as well.
And we thank all of you for your support.
The governing body is able to provide so much for the benefit of the worldwide brotherhood
because of your generosity.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
What about you, Christian parents?
What gift can you present to Jehovah?
Your children.
When you do your best to bring your children up in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah,
you are preparing a gift to your God.
Think of the number of brothers taking the lead in the organization at this time.
Some are governing body members, helpers, branch committee members, circuit overseers, elders,
and ministerial servants.
Where did so many of these come from?
Hundreds of thousands were children of Christian parents.
The parents followed the admonition of Ephesians 6, verse 4.
There are thousands more brothers and sisters that have been raised in the truth by God
and the parents who are spearheading the work in the ministry, in Bethel service, on construction
projects, and in relief work.
We thank you, parents, for all that you've done and the precious gifts you've offered
up to Jehovah and his organization.
And what about the older ones in our congregations?
I'm 84 years young with eternity in view.
But at some point we start to admit that we're getting old.
We start to feel that we're getting old.
We start to look like we're getting old.
Some of us find ourselves slipping physically or even mentally.
Are we becoming less and less valuable to Jehovah?
Is our gift now tarnished by age?
We might begin to think so, but that's not at all how Jehovah views older ones who have
dedicated themselves to him possibly many decades ago.
A tarnished gold coin has as much value as a shiny new one.
Probably 1631 instructs us that gray hair is a crown of beauty when it is found in the
way of righteousness.
There's not so much as the color of the hair, Jehovah's mires, and instead it's the
life of self-sacrifice that gray hair represents.
Jehovah views older ones who are still found in the way of righteousness to be precious gifts
to him.
Why do pieces of antique furniture often cost much more than a brand new piece of furniture?
Or why is an older bottle of fine wine often more expensive than a newer vintage wine?
Age brings value to a gift.
You older ones have wisdom and experience that others in the congregation can benefit
from.
It's not that you need to be holding the microphone and waxing eloquent on every paragraph
at a meeting, but modestly sharing your experience and wisdom with others on a personal
basis can be so helpful and encouraging.
Jehovah loves you older ones, so even if you're bent with age in your mind, stand tall
as a precious gift presented to Jehovah.
We all of us, young and old, consider how we can enhance our gifts presented to Jehovah.
If we have not yet dedicated our life to God, is it time to seriously consider this gift?
Can we enhance our gift by more closely monitoring our view of Christian morality?
What we look at or think about could compromise our gift to God.
How about our ministry or attendance and participation at the meetings or contributing materially
to the worldwide work?
You parents, do your best to package the gift of your children so that they will be
useful to Jehovah.
And you older ones, never forget that when it comes to wisdom and experience, you only
get better with age.
Jesus is the best of Jehovah's servants.
He's been around the longest.